README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/images/hero_logo.png" alt="Sprung" width="400">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>AI-Powered Job Search Copilot for macOS</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.apple.com/macos/sonoma"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-14.0%2B-blue.svg" alt="macOS"></a>
  <a href="https://swift.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.9+-orange.svg" alt="Swift"></a>
  <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-5.0-purple.svg" alt="SwiftUI"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

---

Sprung is a native macOS copilot for job hunting. It keeps your data local, builds a structured knowledge base about your experience, and uses multiple AI backends to tailor resumes, cover letters, and application packets without generic templates.

![Sprung Main Interface](docs/images/main-interface.png)

## Highlights

### AI Onboarding Interview (OpenAI Responses API)
- **Phase 1 – Core facts**: Collects contact info, profile photo, skeleton timeline, and which resume sections to enable.
- **Phase 2 – Deep dive**: Drives an evidence-first workflow to generate detailed knowledge cards (500–2000+ words) per role/skill, including Git repo analysis and artifact requests.
- **Phase 3 – Writing corpus**: Captures writing samples, style notes, and finalizes a candidate dossier for downstream drafting.
- **Document & repo ingestion**: Processes PDFs/Docs/TXT with Gemini-backed extraction, imports LinkedIn/portfolio content, and scans Git repos for accomplishments.
- **Event-driven, stateful orchestration**: Uses developer messages + `previous_response_id` for persistent context; tools are routed through an event bus and coordinator (see `.arch-spec.md`).

### Resume Workspace
- **Tree-based editor**: Structured, array-based JSON model with drag-and-drop nodes and live PDF preview.
- **AI revision flows**: Customize via one-click revisions or clarifying-question workflows; reasoning overlay shows model thinking for supported models.
- **Experience defaults editor**: Curate reusable sections (summary, skills, work, projects, education) before they flow into resumes.
- **Versioning + overflow fixes**: Create role-specific variants and auto-fix length overflows.

### Templates & Export
- **Mustache templates**: HTML/CSS-based themes with live preview and quick actions; seed templates auto-imported if none exist.
- **Output options**: Native PDF generation, plain text, structured JSON, and text rendering for LLM prompts.
- **Template editor**: Built-in code editor and preview; templates stored locally for full control.
- **Template editor UI**: Manage manifests, duplicate/import/export themes, and tweak HTML/CSS live before exporting resumes and cover letters.

![Template Editor](docs/images/template-editor.png)

![Resume Editor](docs/images/resume-editor.png)

### Cover Letters
- **Job-aware drafting**: Uses the selected job app + resume + knowledge cards (ResRefs) and cover references (CoverRefs).
- **Multi-model committee**: Generate across models, tally votes/scores, and summarize model reasoning to pick a winner.
- **Inspector & revisions**: View sources, models, and committee feedback; iterate revisions on the same conversation.
- **Batch + export + TTS**: Batch generation, PDF rendering, and streaming text-to-speech via OpenAI + chunked audio playback.

![Cover Letter Writer](docs/images/cover-letter.png)

### Job Applications
- **Kanban-style tracker**: Status groups for New, In Progress, Unsubmitted, Submitted, Interview Pending, Follow Up Required, Offer/Closed/Rejected.
- **Parsing & scraping**: Paste a job URL to scrape LinkedIn, Indeed, or Apple listings (SwiftSoup + WebView fallback with Cloudflare handling).
- **Packet review**: LLM review of resume + cover letter (with optional rendered PDF image) for a given posting.
- **Job recommendations**: Rank new listings against your resume/background facts to decide what to apply to next.
- **Context linking**: Attach specific resume and cover-letter versions plus notes and interview feedback to each job.

### Knowledge Cards & References
- **ResRefs**: Knowledge cards with metadata (type, organization, time period, sources) created during onboarding or manually. Toggle inclusion per resume or use globally from the sliding source list.
- **CoverRefs**: Writing samples and background facts for cover letters, including dossier entries from onboarding.
- **Artifact pipeline**: Document and repo ingestion feed artifacts → knowledge cards → resumes and covers.

### Audio & Reasoning
- **Reasoning stream overlay**: Displays model reasoning tokens for supported OpenRouter models during long-running flows.
- **Streaming TTS**: Pause/resume/stop controls with buffering safeguards using `swift-chunked-audio-player`.

### Data, Security, and Debugging
- **Local-first storage**: All data lives in SwiftData with migration support; no cloud sync.
- **Keychain-backed API keys**: OpenAI, OpenRouter, and Gemini keys are stored securely and never written in plaintext.
- **Debug tooling**: Toggle verbose logging, save prompts, and export onboarding logs (`Sprung/Onboarding/Logs/consolelog.txt`, `event-dump.txt`, `openai-log-output.txt`) from the debug panel.
- **Factory reset**: Settings include a danger-zone reset to wipe SwiftData stores and onboarding artifacts.

## Architecture

### App-wide layering
```
SwiftUI Views (split view, inspectors, sheets)
        ↓  @Observable bindings (stores + view models)
AppEnvironment container (DI for stores/services)
        ↓
Domain Stores (SwiftData-backed: resumes, cover letters, job apps, templates, refs, profiles)
        ↓
Services (LLMFacade, export/renderers, scraping, TTS, template loader)
        ↓
SwiftData persistence + Keychain (API keys) + local templates/assets
        ↓
External providers (OpenAI Responses/TTS, OpenRouter models, Gemini extraction)
```

- **SwiftUI + @Observable**: Views bind directly to stores/view models (e.g., `JobAppStore`, `CoverLetterStore`, `ResumeReviseViewModel`) supplied via `AppEnvironment`.
- **DI container**: `AppDependencies` builds long-lived stores/services per scene, avoiding singletons.
- **Unified LLM layer**: `LLMFacade` routes requests to OpenRouter for general workflows and to OpenAI for onboarding/TTS; model pickers surface capabilities (reasoning, images).
- **Persistence**: SwiftData models for resumes, cover letters, job apps, knowledge cards (ResRefs), cover refs, templates, and onboarding sessions; API keys are Keychain-backed.
- **Export/rendering**: Resume/Cover PDF generation via Mustache/GRMustache, text renderers for prompts, and chunked-audio playback for TTS.
- **Scraping/ingestion**: SwiftSoup/WebView fetchers for job postings; Gemini-backed document extraction; Git ingestion for accomplishments.

### Onboarding interview architecture
The onboarding interview uses a stricter event-driven stack (documented in `.arch-spec.md`):

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        SwiftUI Views                        │
│                    (@Observable binding)                    │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                    EventCoordinator                         │
│            (AsyncStream pub/sub messaging)                  │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                    StateCoordinator                         │
│              (Actor - single source of truth)               │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                       SwiftData                             │
│                   (Persistent storage)                      │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

- **StateCoordinator/EventCoordinator**: Owns interview state, tools, and phase transitions; all tool calls and developer messages flow through the event bus.
- **Tools/ingestion kernels**: Document extraction, Git analysis, artifact tracking, and knowledge card creation run through the coordinator/tool router.
- **LLM adapter**: Uses the OpenAI Responses API with persistent `developer` messages and `previous_response_id`; `instructions` is intentionally `nil`.

## Project Structure

```
Sprung/
├── App/                # Entry point, app environment, settings, windows, toolbar
├── Onboarding/         # Interview engine (state/event coordinators, phases, tools, ingestion services)
├── Resumes/            # Resume models, AI revision flows, split editor, inspectors
├── ResumeTree/         # Tree-based resume data + draggable node UI
├── CoverLetters/       # Generation, committee voting, inspector, PDF/TTS, references
├── JobApplications/    # Kanban list, scraping, application review, clarifying questions
├── Experience/         # Experience defaults editor and section renderers
├── Templates/          # Mustache templates, seeds, manifests, template editor
├── ResRefs/            # Knowledge card models and sliding source list
├── DataManagers/       # SwiftData stores (resumes, covers, jobs, profiles, refs)
├── Export/             # PDF/text generators and export UI
├── Shared/             # LLM facade, logging, utilities, model pickers, TTS helpers
└── Resources/          # Static assets (images, HTML fragments, etc.)
```

## LLM & Provider Support

- **Onboarding**: Uses the in-repo OpenAI adapter (Responses API with tool calling). `instructions` is intentionally `nil`; developer messages carry persistent context.
- **Resume/Cover/Job tools**: Unified LLM facade primarily backed by OpenRouter (GPT-4o, Claude 3.5, Gemini 1.5, o1/o3, etc.). Model pickers surface available options and capabilities (reasoning support, images).
- **Document extraction**: Defaults to Gemini (`google/gemini-2.0-flash-001`) with configurable model ID in Settings.
- **Text-to-speech**: OpenAI TTS with streaming playback.
- API keys are required for OpenAI (onboarding + TTS), OpenRouter (general LLM tasks), and Gemini (PDF/doc extraction).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- macOS 14.0 (Sonoma) or later
- Xcode 15+
- API keys for: OpenAI (required for onboarding + TTS), OpenRouter (general LLM calls), Gemini (document extraction)

### Install & Run
1) Clone:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/cculbreath/Sprung.git
cd Sprung
```
2) Open the project:
```bash
open Sprung.xcodeproj
```
3) Resolve packages if Xcode does not auto-resolve: `File → Packages → Resolve Package Versions`.
4) Build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
5) Launch and open **Settings** (`Cmd + ,`):
   - Enter OpenAI, OpenRouter, and Gemini keys (stored in macOS Keychain).
   - Pick default onboarding, PDF extraction, and Git ingest models; adjust reasoning effort and overflow-fix attempts.
6) If prompted, open the Template Editor to create/import a Mustache template (templates are required for exports).

### Common Build Commands
- Quick check:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
- Release build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung -configuration Release build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
- Clean build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung clean build
```
- Resolve packages:
```bash
xcodebuild -resolvePackageDependencies -project Sprung.xcodeproj
```

## Dependencies

| Package | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| [SwiftOpenAI (custom fork)](https://github.com/jamesrochabrun/SwiftOpenAI) | OpenAI Responses + tool calling, TTS |
| [SwiftSoup](https://github.com/scinfu/SwiftSoup) | Job posting scraping and HTML parsing |
| [GRMustache.swift](https://github.com/groue/GRMustache.swift) | Mustache templating for resume/cover exports |
| [SwiftyJSON](https://github.com/SwiftyJSON/SwiftyJSON) | Dynamic JSON handling for resumes and onboarding artifacts |
| [swift-collections](https://github.com/apple/swift-collections) | Deques/ordered sets used across stores |
| [swift-chunked-audio-player](https://github.com/cculbreath/swift-chunked-audio-player) | Streaming audio playback for TTS |
| [ViewInspector](https://github.com/nalexn/ViewInspector) | UI testing utilities (not currently exercised) |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details. There is no automated test suite today—please verify builds locally before opening a PR.

## License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

---

*Built by [Christopher Culbreath](https://github.com/cculbreath)*

Commit message:

Remove template seed system and simplify template architecture
Seeds were redundant with ExperienceDefaults and ApplicantProfile.
All resume default values now flow from the manifest (for styling and
section labels) and ExperienceDefaults (for content).

- Delete seed.json files from all templates
- Remove TemplateSeed model and TemplateSeedStore
- Remove seed tab from Template Editor
- Remove promote-to-seed feature from TemplateQuickActionsView
- Simplify context builder and template importer
- Add chromium download script for PDF generation
- Add template documentation

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/images/hero_logo.png" alt="Sprung" width="400">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>AI-Powered Job Search Copilot for macOS</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.apple.com/macos/sonoma"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-14.0%2B-blue.svg" alt="macOS"></a>
  <a href="https://swift.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.9+-orange.svg" alt="Swift"></a>
  <a href="https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftUI-5.0-purple.svg" alt="SwiftUI"></a>
  <a href="LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

---

Sprung is a native macOS copilot for job hunting. It keeps your data local, builds a structured knowledge base about your experience, and uses multiple AI backends to tailor resumes, cover letters, and application packets without generic templates.

![Sprung Main Interface](docs/images/main-interface.png)

## Highlights

### AI Onboarding Interview (OpenAI Responses API)
- **Phase 1 – Core facts**: Collects contact info, profile photo, skeleton timeline, and which resume sections to enable.
- **Phase 2 – Deep dive**: Drives an evidence-first workflow to generate detailed knowledge cards (500–2000+ words) per role/skill, including Git repo analysis and artifact requests.
- **Phase 3 – Writing corpus**: Captures writing samples, style notes, and finalizes a candidate dossier for downstream drafting.
- **Document & repo ingestion**: Processes PDFs/Docs/TXT with Gemini-backed extraction, imports LinkedIn/portfolio content, and scans Git repos for accomplishments.
- **Event-driven, stateful orchestration**: Uses developer messages + `previous_response_id` for persistent context; tools are routed through an event bus and coordinator (see `.arch-spec.md`).

### Resume Workspace
- **Tree-based editor**: Structured, array-based JSON model with drag-and-drop nodes and live PDF preview.
- **AI revision flows**: Customize via one-click revisions or clarifying-question workflows; reasoning overlay shows model thinking for supported models.
- **Experience defaults editor**: Curate reusable sections (summary, skills, work, projects, education) before they flow into resumes.
- **Versioning + overflow fixes**: Create role-specific variants and auto-fix length overflows.

### Templates & Export
- **Mustache templates**: HTML/CSS-based themes with live preview and quick actions; seed templates auto-imported if none exist.
- **Output options**: Native PDF generation, plain text, structured JSON, and text rendering for LLM prompts.
- **Template editor**: Built-in code editor and preview; templates stored locally for full control.
- **Template editor UI**: Manage manifests, duplicate/import/export themes, and tweak HTML/CSS live before exporting resumes and cover letters.

![Template Editor](docs/images/template-editor.png)

![Resume Editor](docs/images/resume-editor.png)

### Cover Letters
- **Job-aware drafting**: Uses the selected job app + resume + knowledge cards (ResRefs) and cover references (CoverRefs).
- **Multi-model committee**: Generate across models, tally votes/scores, and summarize model reasoning to pick a winner.
- **Inspector & revisions**: View sources, models, and committee feedback; iterate revisions on the same conversation.
- **Batch + export + TTS**: Batch generation, PDF rendering, and streaming text-to-speech via OpenAI + chunked audio playback.

![Cover Letter Writer](docs/images/cover-letter.png)

### Job Applications
- **Kanban-style tracker**: Status groups for New, In Progress, Unsubmitted, Submitted, Interview Pending, Follow Up Required, Offer/Closed/Rejected.
- **Parsing & scraping**: Paste a job URL to scrape LinkedIn, Indeed, or Apple listings (SwiftSoup + WebView fallback with Cloudflare handling).
- **Packet review**: LLM review of resume + cover letter (with optional rendered PDF image) for a given posting.
- **Job recommendations**: Rank new listings against your resume/background facts to decide what to apply to next.
- **Context linking**: Attach specific resume and cover-letter versions plus notes and interview feedback to each job.

### Knowledge Cards & References
- **ResRefs**: Knowledge cards with metadata (type, organization, time period, sources) created during onboarding or manually. Toggle inclusion per resume or use globally from the sliding source list.
- **CoverRefs**: Writing samples and background facts for cover letters, including dossier entries from onboarding.
- **Artifact pipeline**: Document and repo ingestion feed artifacts → knowledge cards → resumes and covers.

### Audio & Reasoning
- **Reasoning stream overlay**: Displays model reasoning tokens for supported OpenRouter models during long-running flows.
- **Streaming TTS**: Pause/resume/stop controls with buffering safeguards using `swift-chunked-audio-player`.

### Data, Security, and Debugging
- **Local-first storage**: All data lives in SwiftData with migration support; no cloud sync.
- **Keychain-backed API keys**: OpenAI, OpenRouter, and Gemini keys are stored securely and never written in plaintext.
- **Debug tooling**: Toggle verbose logging, save prompts, and export onboarding logs (`Sprung/Onboarding/Logs/consolelog.txt`, `event-dump.txt`, `openai-log-output.txt`) from the debug panel.
- **Factory reset**: Settings include a danger-zone reset to wipe SwiftData stores and onboarding artifacts.

## Architecture

### App-wide layering
```
SwiftUI Views (split view, inspectors, sheets)
        ↓  @Observable bindings (stores + view models)
AppEnvironment container (DI for stores/services)
        ↓
Domain Stores (SwiftData-backed: resumes, cover letters, job apps, templates, refs, profiles)
        ↓
Services (LLMFacade, export/renderers, scraping, TTS, template loader)
        ↓
SwiftData persistence + Keychain (API keys) + local templates/assets
        ↓
External providers (OpenAI Responses/TTS, OpenRouter models, Gemini extraction)
```

- **SwiftUI + @Observable**: Views bind directly to stores/view models (e.g., `JobAppStore`, `CoverLetterStore`, `ResumeReviseViewModel`) supplied via `AppEnvironment`.
- **DI container**: `AppDependencies` builds long-lived stores/services per scene, avoiding singletons.
- **Unified LLM layer**: `LLMFacade` routes requests to OpenRouter for general workflows and to OpenAI for onboarding/TTS; model pickers surface capabilities (reasoning, images).
- **Persistence**: SwiftData models for resumes, cover letters, job apps, knowledge cards (ResRefs), cover refs, templates, and onboarding sessions; API keys are Keychain-backed.
- **Export/rendering**: Resume/Cover PDF generation via Mustache/GRMustache, text renderers for prompts, and chunked-audio playback for TTS.
- **Scraping/ingestion**: SwiftSoup/WebView fetchers for job postings; Gemini-backed document extraction; Git ingestion for accomplishments.

### Onboarding interview architecture
The onboarding interview uses a stricter event-driven stack (documented in `.arch-spec.md`):

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        SwiftUI Views                        │
│                    (@Observable binding)                    │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                    EventCoordinator                         │
│            (AsyncStream pub/sub messaging)                  │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                    StateCoordinator                         │
│              (Actor - single source of truth)               │
└─────────────────────────┬───────────────────────────────────┘
                          │
┌─────────────────────────▼───────────────────────────────────┐
│                       SwiftData                             │
│                   (Persistent storage)                      │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

- **StateCoordinator/EventCoordinator**: Owns interview state, tools, and phase transitions; all tool calls and developer messages flow through the event bus.
- **Tools/ingestion kernels**: Document extraction, Git analysis, artifact tracking, and knowledge card creation run through the coordinator/tool router.
- **LLM adapter**: Uses the OpenAI Responses API with persistent `developer` messages and `previous_response_id`; `instructions` is intentionally `nil`.

## Project Structure

```
Sprung/
├── App/                # Entry point, app environment, settings, windows, toolbar
├── Onboarding/         # Interview engine (state/event coordinators, phases, tools, ingestion services)
├── Resumes/            # Resume models, AI revision flows, split editor, inspectors
├── ResumeTree/         # Tree-based resume data + draggable node UI
├── CoverLetters/       # Generation, committee voting, inspector, PDF/TTS, references
├── JobApplications/    # Kanban list, scraping, application review, clarifying questions
├── Experience/         # Experience defaults editor and section renderers
├── Templates/          # Mustache templates, seeds, manifests, template editor
├── ResRefs/            # Knowledge card models and sliding source list
├── DataManagers/       # SwiftData stores (resumes, covers, jobs, profiles, refs)
├── Export/             # PDF/text generators and export UI
├── Shared/             # LLM facade, logging, utilities, model pickers, TTS helpers
└── Resources/          # Static assets (images, HTML fragments, etc.)
```

## LLM & Provider Support

- **Onboarding**: Uses the in-repo OpenAI adapter (Responses API with tool calling). `instructions` is intentionally `nil`; developer messages carry persistent context.
- **Resume/Cover/Job tools**: Unified LLM facade primarily backed by OpenRouter (GPT-4o, Claude 3.5, Gemini 1.5, o1/o3, etc.). Model pickers surface available options and capabilities (reasoning support, images).
- **Document extraction**: Defaults to Gemini (`google/gemini-2.0-flash-001`) with configurable model ID in Settings.
- **Text-to-speech**: OpenAI TTS with streaming playback.
- API keys are required for OpenAI (onboarding + TTS), OpenRouter (general LLM tasks), and Gemini (PDF/doc extraction).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- macOS 14.0 (Sonoma) or later
- Xcode 15+
- API keys for: OpenAI (required for onboarding + TTS), OpenRouter (general LLM calls), Gemini (document extraction)

### Install & Run
1) Clone:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/cculbreath/Sprung.git
cd Sprung
```
2) Download Chrome Headless Shell (required for PDF generation):
```bash
./scripts/download-chromium.sh
```
3) Open the project:
```bash
open Sprung.xcodeproj
```
4) Resolve packages if Xcode does not auto-resolve: `File → Packages → Resolve Package Versions`.
5) Build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
6) Launch and open **Settings** (`Cmd + ,`):
   - Enter OpenAI, OpenRouter, and Gemini keys (stored in macOS Keychain).
   - Pick default onboarding, PDF extraction, and Git ingest models; adjust reasoning effort and overflow-fix attempts.
7) If prompted, open the Template Editor to create/import a Mustache template (templates are required for exports).

### Common Build Commands
- Quick check:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
- Release build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung -configuration Release build 2>&1 | grep -Ei "(error:|warning:|failed|succeeded)" | head -20
```
- Clean build:
```bash
xcodebuild -project Sprung.xcodeproj -scheme Sprung clean build
```
- Resolve packages:
```bash
xcodebuild -resolvePackageDependencies -project Sprung.xcodeproj
```

## Dependencies

| Package | Purpose |
| --- | --- |
| [SwiftOpenAI (custom fork)](https://github.com/jamesrochabrun/SwiftOpenAI) | OpenAI Responses + tool calling, TTS |
| [SwiftSoup](https://github.com/scinfu/SwiftSoup) | Job posting scraping and HTML parsing |
| [GRMustache.swift](https://github.com/groue/GRMustache.swift) | Mustache templating for resume/cover exports |
| [SwiftyJSON](https://github.com/SwiftyJSON/SwiftyJSON) | Dynamic JSON handling for resumes and onboarding artifacts |
| [swift-collections](https://github.com/apple/swift-collections) | Deques/ordered sets used across stores |
| [swift-chunked-audio-player](https://github.com/cculbreath/swift-chunked-audio-player) | Streaming audio playback for TTS |
| [ViewInspector](https://github.com/nalexn/ViewInspector) | UI testing utilities (not currently exercised) |

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details. There is no automated test suite today—please verify builds locally before opening a PR.

## License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

---

*Built by [Christopher Culbreath](https://github.com/cculbreath)*
